content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
type: "page"
---

Hello World!

My name is Clayton. I have spent the last 6 years of my life doing AWS cloud consulting for a few different companies. I am currently with [Caylent](https://caylent.com/) as a Delivery Manager. I started off in engineering, worked my way through architecture, and have most recently found myself in this delivery manager role where I focus more on people development and client management. At this point, I have worked on well over 50 different client environments solving a vast array of problems. Sometimes I solve very challenging technical issues, other times I solve very challenging layer 8 problems. 

Recently, I have found myself involved in a lot of high-level conversations with clients about their direction in the cloud and have realized that consulting has made me extremely opinionated about many topics. <em>Enter blog</em>. My goal is to use this blog to share my opinions about things as they happen, also as a way to document my thoughts on a particular topic at a particular time because the cloud continues to evolve and the tools you use and the methodologies you use to manage it do as well.

Prior to my days in consulting I went to school to be a network engineer, spent some time in a management focused leadership program, and played buzzword bingo in a developer/devops role focused on building microservices. My background is a bit all over the place, but so is the cloud, so it aligns nicely.

I have never been a blogger before, so giving this a try. My goal is to try and get something posted monthly. Opinionated clients may cause me to post more often. We will see what happens. One of my favorite quotes that I think applies to a lot of things in the tech space is “Perfection is the enemy of progress.”. With that in mind we are just going to see where this takes us.

Please feel free to reach out if there is anything I can do for you. blog@claytondavis.dev

Commit message:

adding more content and updating about me

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
type: "page"
---

Hello world!

I’m Clayton Davis—a seasoned AWS cloud consultant, technical leader and practice owner with over decade of hands-on experience helping organizations harness the power of the AWS cloud. Currently, I serve as Practice Leader for Software Engineering at [Caylent](https://caylent.com/), where I guide a talented team in delivering high-impact solutions across:

- **Application Modernization:** Re-architecting legacy systems for scale, resilience and reduced operational cost on AWS.  
- **Product Development:** Designing and building green-field SaaS applications, from MVP through production, using serverless, container and cloud-native patterns.  
- **GenAI Product Development:** Developing AI-driven features and services—chatbots, recommendation engines, code-generation tools—leveraging AWS Bedrock, OpenAI and other leading platforms.  
- **AI Accelerated Delivery:** Crafting frameworks and pipelines that compress release cycles—from months to weeks—while embedding security, compliance and quality gates.

Over the years, I’ve partnered with more than 500 clients—from nimble startups to Fortune-scale enterprises—tackling everything from deep infrastructure challenges (think cross-account IAM, complex VPC architectures, large-scale data migrations) to application development at scale (microservices design, cloud-native CI/CD) and “layer-8” problems like organizational alignment and delivery process re-engineering.  

### Why I Write 

In both boardroom strategy sessions and war-room troubleshooting calls, I form strong opinions about how AI, DevOps and cloud best practices intersect—and evolve—at lightning speed. This blog is my living notebook: a place to share real-world lessons, challenge conventional wisdom and document my thinking on emerging cloud and AI trends.

### A Bit of Backstory  

- **Network Foundations:** My career started in network engineering—designing and troubleshooting enterprise LAN/WAN environments.  
- **DevOps & Microservices:** I pivoted into DevOps, building and shipping microservice-driven applications on AWS.  
- **Leadership Development:** A leadership-focused management program sharpened my people-skills and strategic thinking.  
- **Consulting Journey:** Since 2015, I’ve navigated through engineering, architecture, delivery management and now practice leadership—each role adding new layers of insight.

### On Imperfection & Progress  
I live by one guiding principle: “Perfection is the enemy of progress.” That keeps me shipping, iterating and learning—and it’s exactly what this blog will do. I aim to publish thoughtful pieces at least once a month, though you might see bonus posts when a hot topic or opinionated client conversation ignites something fresh.

I’d love to hear your thoughts or help solve your toughest cloud and AI challenges—drop me a line anytime at [blog@claytondavis.dev](mailto:blog@claytondavis.dev). Let’s keep moving forward together!
